Docs/grammarly check (#479)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: website/pages/tabs.mdx

</c-box>
```

> You can also change the color for any specific variant bypassing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the color for any specific variant by passing the
```

### Tab sizes

> You can change the size of the tab bypassing `size` prop. We support three sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the size of the tab by passing `size` prop. We support three sizes
```

## Change the tabs alignment

> You can change the alignment of the `TabList` bypassing `align` prop. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the alignment of the `TabList` by passing `align` prop. We
```
